Christian Gover: Hello.
Christian Gover: hey how are you.
Faculty Office Hours: Christian.
Christian Gover: Yes, me.
Faculty Office Hours: What do you what's up.
Christian Gover: Oh, nothing just the homework again.
Christian Gover: it's uh yeah this one took a while I had a lot of questions on on like the first problem, and then the fourth one down the second and third were easy but.
Christian Gover: yeah I just I guess I didn't understand very well what what's being asked on on number one.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay well.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Faculty Office Hours: There, there are different types of decision variables in that problem.
Faculty Office Hours: mm hmm and what i'm asking you to do is to solve it.
Faculty Office Hours: And then fix some of the decision variables and then solve it again.
Christian Gover: yeah so.
Christian Gover: I use that word fix right go ahead.
Christian Gover: yeah I was just saying that I use that keyword fix like how we did in one of the assignments, I think it was either assignment six or seven.
Christian Gover: We fixed a value right, so I I did do that, after the first solved statement and then ran it again with the second self statement it looked like not very much changed.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, I don't know that you are going to expect much to change in the solution.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you're.
Faculty Office Hours: you're fixing the variables that the best values.
Right.
Faculty Office Hours: it's just in this case it's a question of what what you see that the pre solver is able to do.
Christian Gover: yeah I mean so like it's asking like what what a variables and constraints are removed and I didn't see any changes there, I mean I did see that the category of the constraint change from I guess it move some to fixed.
Christian Gover: But yeah so I don't know what.
Faculty Office Hours: Do you want to you want to share your screen.
Christian Gover: yeah Let me share.
Okay.
let's see.
Christian Gover: Let me pull the.
Christian Gover: SAS here.
Christian Gover: let's thinking.
Faculty Office Hours: that's a good sign.
Christian Gover: Okay, I have yeah exercise one here, so all I did was just after the solve right in the printing I fixed all the values here just because I, you know, I was trying to do it in the loop or whatever, but I couldn't get the fixed statement to work in a for loop.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm not sure that i'm seeing your sass.
Christian Gover: Okay i'll let me stop sharing here and share again.
Christian Gover: screen line.
Faculty Office Hours: now looks better.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay now so well, let me just point out that you're you're probably doing more work than you need to there in the sense that.
Faculty Office Hours: The the fix will allow you to fix.
Faculty Office Hours: Things to their current value.
Faculty Office Hours: Without typing the value.
Faculty Office Hours: So the fix to fix has the equal something as an optional argument.
Christian Gover: Okay, so I guess non prod already has the values after you saw right.
Faculty Office Hours: Correct yes.
Christian Gover: Okay yeah I didn't know that, so I yeah I was kind of wondering that so I just do like fix num pride I don't have to set of value to it.
Faculty Office Hours: that's correct and in this particular case.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay now why don't you just run your code, let me.
Yes, save.
Christian Gover: run.
Faculty Office Hours: No we're not expecting it to come up with a different answer.
Christian Gover: mm hmm.
Faculty Office Hours: Because like I said you're fixing them at the best values.
Christian Gover: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So let's just check the to.
Faculty Office Hours: check the salt statements here, so are they coming up with the same value in the salts.
Christian Gover: yeah let's go look at that here and solutions summary, is it or you're talking about.
Faculty Office Hours: The solution summary is fine, so it's like.
Faculty Office Hours: 179 and change what's what's the second one.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so it looks the same.
Faculty Office Hours: yep go to the log file.
Faculty Office Hours: So what i'm interested in is is in the what the pre solver is able to do for the second problem.
Christian Gover: To like here, right after we fix the num pride in this.
Faculty Office Hours: In those notes that follow yeah So what does it tell you about what the result or does.
Christian Gover: let's see.
Christian Gover: 36 linear constraints.
Christian Gover: yeah and then it says 130 linear.
Christian Gover: Zero linear constraints.
Faculty Office Hours: Zero nonlinear.
Christian Gover: nonlinear sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: that's Okay, I mean it's not your problem, so what is it telling you about the pre solver.
Christian Gover: Pretty solver.
Christian Gover: Automatic is apply I don't know what that means exactly.
Faculty Office Hours: that's just the default value.
Christian Gover: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: The default value is between moderate and aggressive.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay that's not important to the next slide is really what what we're looking for here.
Christian Gover: I just removed all variables and constraints excellent.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so so basically the solver didn't have to do any work at all.
Christian Gover: Oh.
Christian Gover: awesome that's pretty cool, I guess, I was just looking at the results and seeing that you know it's still saying that I have 84 variables still and 36 constraints.
Faculty Office Hours: Right so that's.
Christian Gover: Looking at the log.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that's before the pre solver tries to simplify the problem.
Christian Gover: Okay, I thought this was executed after it solved it.
Faculty Office Hours: Will will, it is the table is produced after it's solved, but in that table what you see is the characteristics of the problem.
Faculty Office Hours: Before summary so you can think of the problem summary is kind of being before.
Faculty Office Hours: Although it's.
Faculty Office Hours: Not necessarily generated before it could be, and the solution summary table incorporates information about the solve.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, but the solution summary doesn't have the details about what the pre solvers able to do look, if you look down just a little bit and look at that solution summary table, the only thing that it tells you about the pre solver is how much time it took.
Christian Gover: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: It doesn't indicate how successful it was.
Faculty Office Hours: In order to to find that out, you need to go look in the log.
Faculty Office Hours: Although it does tell you that there was zero iterations so I guess, in that sense it's kind of a clue that the pre solver was pretty successful because it didn't have to do any iterations to solve the problem right.
Christian Gover: It was pretty exactly what the what the optimal values are any pink.
Faculty Office Hours: ya know you might think that it's kind of unfair, because when you started solving that problem all of the values were the best values, to begin with.
Faculty Office Hours: But I believe I mentioned earlier in the class that the the the LP solvers ignore the initial values of the decision variables so, even though the best values were already there, the only ones that it could really take advantage of were the ones that were fixed.
Christian Gover: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: The only solvers that use the initial values of the decision variables are the nlp solvers the ones will learn about this week.
Faculty Office Hours: So it's not as it's not as easy to proposition, as it seems like it might be.
mm hmm.
Christian Gover: Okay.
Christian Gover: Pretty cool.
Faculty Office Hours: So tell me about tell me about your progress in the last one.
Christian Gover: Oh, my God yeah.
Christian Gover: I didn't make much progress, I guess, I was a little bit confused too, so you know what's what's being asked here I I mean I think when I initially read it, I thought that the problem was already optimized right at 100 minutes or less for the the two tours from the Vance.
Faculty Office Hours: Sure, so, so the what the make span objective is is it's the larger of the two.
Christian Gover: yeah I saw that.
Christian Gover: code here.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, so, in other words, when you.
Faculty Office Hours: When you minimize the make span that tells you that the best you can do to get all of the bags delivered as 100 minutes.
Faculty Office Hours: Now.
Faculty Office Hours: It could be that one of the routes takes 100 minutes, and the other route takes two minutes yeah, it would still the main span would still be 100.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Christian Gover: I tried putting like less than or equal to like 98 or something to see if that would reduce it, but then, when I ran it it just kept going and over over.
Faculty Office Hours: we're not going to be able to reduce the make span.
Faculty Office Hours: What we might be able to reduce is the time it takes the quicker route to get finished.
Faculty Office Hours: So in this case, you really need to change the objective, so the objectives you that you want instead of the make span is the total combined time of the two bands.
Jim Clark: yeah that's what I did.
Faculty Office Hours: So go down to where your objective is.
Faculty Office Hours: Can you change that objective to be the total time total transit time or time used by both bands.
Christian Gover: The, I guess, I could use like I don't know.
Christian Gover: I know i'm kind of hard coding here but.
Christian Gover: I think yeah we don't use zero as a next.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, so in this case, you could do that that would be fine you might want to call it something other than the makes them but that's Okay, you could probably come up with a more general.
Faculty Office Hours: approach, but this would certainly work for two for two vans right yeah now why don't you go ahead and just run it and see what happens.
Christian Gover: And this.
Christian Gover: Little man.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so where's the solution let's go down to that.
Christian Gover: Oh it's only one.
Faculty Office Hours: So it's only one vehicle now does that make sense let's think about it, if.
Faculty Office Hours: If if you had to make two trips, you have to kind of go back to the airport right.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Faculty Office Hours: Two vans is always going to take more time than just one Ben would, but the real question here is what's the smallest combine travel time subject to.
Faculty Office Hours: Both vans getting done in less than or equal to 100 minutes.
Faculty Office Hours: So we want to make sure that the make span is small, we want to make sure that the make span is at most 100 and then we want to find the best solution that minimizes the total transit time.
Faculty Office Hours: So so go back to your make spend constraint.
Christian Gover: Here yep.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so the problem here is that Max time use can be anything now.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah but you don't want it to be anything you don't want it to be more than 100.
Christian Gover: So right seen it.
Faculty Office Hours: Close but we can't have strict inequalities.
Oh.
Faculty Office Hours: there's some kind of technical reasons for that, so you want to put a n equals after that.
Christian Gover: Oh, maybe that's why I was having I saw that error message I was like what's wrong with doing that.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, the reason is kind of a technical mathematical reason, and the reason is that.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't always have a solution there's not always an optimal solution when you have strict inequality is is kind of like you know what zeno's paradox is.
Now.
Faculty Office Hours: He knows paradoxes that let's say you.
Faculty Office Hours: You run 100 yard dash.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so you run the first 50 yards, and then the next 25 and the next 12 and a half, and you keep getting half as close to the finish line mm hmm.
Faculty Office Hours: But you might never get there.
Christian Gover: yeah that's true.
Faculty Office Hours: So the reason that we can't have strict inequality is is because the the optimal solution in the limit would exist, but it would be equal to the.
Faculty Office Hours: To the right hand side of the limit, so we only can allow less than or equal to so let's see what happens now let's try it now and see what happens.
Faculty Office Hours: Those your helpers.
Faculty Office Hours: In the background.
Jim Clark: let's be.
Christian Gover: My helpers yeah my minions.
Christian Gover: You know, calm.
Faculty Office Hours: So what does this solution look like this time.
Jim Clark: looks like mine, good.
Faculty Office Hours: So appears to be the same one yeah but but there's not necessarily a bad thing it just appears to say in this case you can't do any better.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, it was it was possible that there might have been a better solution.
Faculty Office Hours: But we wouldn't know that unless we made some modifications and and and tested it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so so what would you adventure.
Faculty Office Hours: So you just you don't think that you understood what the question was asking well enough, is that most of the problem.
Christian Gover: He yeah, I guess, I thought that it was already optimized right from like lectures and.
Faculty Office Hours: Right yeah so I did we were just talking about a different objective.
Okay.
Christian Gover: I guess that's true, but what happens if you change this to like a lower number I guess it would it keep writing.
Faculty Office Hours: we'll just try it.
Faculty Office Hours: let's try.
Christian Gover: I don't know 999 I guess.
Okay.
Christian Gover: Do I.
Faculty Office Hours: just go ahead and run it.
Christian Gover: doesn't keep running like when I set the Max time limit to.
Christian Gover: 98.
Christian Gover: It is kept spanning.
Faculty Office Hours: I think you should be able to kill it if it's not stopping but that's okay.
Christian Gover: yeah it looks like it's doing what it did yesterday.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Christian Gover: He knows paradise.
Faculty Office Hours: Ultimately, it will determine that the problem is in feasible.
Christian Gover: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: But it might take a while.
Christian Gover: Okay i'm gonna kill it.
Faculty Office Hours: that's fine I think you can go to the code yeah okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So try something bigger now.
Christian Gover: being too aggressive.
Faculty Office Hours: Give yourself a little bit more space in that lane you like cheese, you know, then try it now.
Faculty Office Hours: So now it might be that it found a better solution, it might be that that's the best that it could do it see.
Christian Gover: I have looks a little different.
Faculty Office Hours: So let's go up to where it shows you the objective.
Faculty Office Hours: To go up to the solution summary.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so there, it found when you gave yourself a little more slack in terms of the make span.
Faculty Office Hours: As able to reduce the total.
Faculty Office Hours: The total time.
Faculty Office Hours: The combined time of both routes.
Christian Gover: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: not know nothing that's going to impact your answer at all, but.
Christian Gover: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah this is kind of a trade off if you if you're willing to sacrifice a little bit in the make span, you might be able to reduce the total combined time.
Christian Gover: And yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: But when you when you minimize the make span it wants to do the best that it can, on the one that takes the longest time.
Faculty Office Hours: But it doesn't really care about the one that's second best it could be, they could both be 100 and it makes bad is 100 or one could be the 100 and the other could be 20 and it's still have a make span of 100 100.
Faculty Office Hours: doesn't it doesn't try to push the other one down.
Faculty Office Hours: But you just you were just able to show that it couldn't have done any better anyway so.
Christian Gover: Okay pretty cool yeah this wouldn't worked in the past 100 minute mark right.
Christian Gover: Right okay.
Christian Gover: Well that's very helpful, thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and and making those modifications to the code.
Faculty Office Hours: Is.
Faculty Office Hours: Mostly intended to kind of get you started thinking about the project.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you could probably guess that but.
Christian Gover: Okay yeah we kind of started our project yesterday, but I don't think we got to fight.
Jim Clark: yeah that's what I keep telling myself this is this is for the next one.
Christian Gover: yeah jim's on my team to say.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah my condolences.
Christian Gover: Now he's good Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: You are unsure now.
Christian Gover: yeah I was unsure.
Jim Clark: what's next.
Jim Clark: So number two is something I had never won done the hard way.
Jim Clark: But I think October so getting there.
Okay.
Jim Clark: But we're I thought I.
Jim Clark: was working in number two I thought I had solved and then suddenly it seemed to.
Jim Clark: me when I start trying to use number three suddenly number two seem to.
Jim Clark: Like give me what I need to do number three so I really kept.
Jim Clark: I really keep getting confused about trying to run the code, you know in in the MIT version versus just a LP version to get you know, to get basically a best bound than the best and the best energy and I just keep.
Faculty Office Hours: Do you want to share your code.
sure.
Jim Clark: Probably go for myself one it's so.
Jim Clark: Rare I thought I had it and then I look at it like it's not like.
Jim Clark: Alright, so this is right.
Jim Clark: And i'm also trying to put put this into.
Jim Clark: That baggage delivery go to.
Jim Clark: So I can collect me share I did this, the hard way.
Jim Clark: So for question to how was running it was I was trying to make sure that I had was running it without the energy in the numbers and that may have been wrong, so I keep.
Jim Clark: Talking myself out of one way or the other but I was thinking that that's one of the steps is to break down prod and energy, then running it that way.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, but you want to take your fixes out.
Jim Clark: Oh, I thought that was necessarily the fixtures in.
know.
Faculty Office Hours: If any if you if you fix them some of the values aren't integers.
Jim Clark: Okay, then.
Faculty Office Hours: Go it'll give you an in feasibility so just comment those all out.
Jim Clark: Okay that's that I was thinking that that was vital so now, I know that that's a big improvement.
Jim Clark: So, unless you.
Faculty Office Hours: Try and run it and see what happens.
Jim Clark: save it.
Jim Clark: They.
Jim Clark: have a problem, my head, I have a clean one.
I hate it when that happens.
Jim Clark: You really know what I did okay so Okay, this is this has entered your setup so i'm getting i'm getting best band, and the best editor.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's it yeah if you look at the results.
Faculty Office Hours: You can see those in the solution summary table.
Faculty Office Hours: you'll see there the.
Jim Clark: This looks the way it's supposed to best bound here at best bound it's not the same OK, so my my concept problems, I thought I had to lock in a keep those numbers.
Jim Clark: With the problem number one okay so with that, then I should be able to estimate best down at best energy from exercise to okay.
Jim Clark: yep yep so kind of that that one concept.
Jim Clark: All right, well, I think that gets me the Foundation to finish number two and start on numbers start on number three so, then let me ask the follow up question.
Jim Clark: The same thing when you're running question number two Problem number three you also are not trying to set the the that those numbers for each of those months you're just running it running it while the three.
Faculty Office Hours: Right yeah and then the connection between one and two and three, is that.
Faculty Office Hours: What is kind of intended to guide you that it is enough to just set the nonprofit values to be integers.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't need to set I mean you could you could set them all to be integers.
Faculty Office Hours: But because, once you fix the non prod variables, the other ones are really just kind of a really simple calculation for the solver it's only necessary to to to use the integral part for those non prod variables.
Faculty Office Hours: He checked because there's like eight of them, and you could you could put them all to be integral but it might come up with a slightly different solution.
Jim Clark: Right Okay, but that's that's a big help.
Faculty Office Hours: Sure it's not going to be.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not going to help you very much, but I would say that.
Faculty Office Hours: If if you run into a problem, like that you think you know it's it's not working it's not clear to me what i'm doing wrong, the best thing is just to send me an email with your log.
Jim Clark: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: And i'll be happy to kind of point you in the right direction.
Jim Clark: Okay, but before I just sent a email us at help.
Jim Clark: But, but it would be beneficial, but say help but here's the deal, so I.
Jim Clark: appreciate that.
Faculty Office Hours: And the reason why the log is good, is because.
Faculty Office Hours: I can read the log it's just a text file.
Faculty Office Hours: Even if I don't have access to SAS.
Jim Clark: Right, I can, I understand, while you're while you're it tells you what's what's actually happening inside the code to.
Jim Clark: Okay, thank you.
Jim Clark: Sure i'll yield the floor.
Faculty Office Hours: speaker will recognize anyone who has a question.
Jim Clark: i'm not gonna ask her number three because I had to face number two but number three I think role roles, for if I if I get number two dead right so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and then, and we did we did something similar in class.
Jim Clark: Right, so I had that to kind of go back and look at.
Okay.
Jim Clark: I do appreciate the fact that the school record collectors that gets IP go back and look at it.
Jim Clark: So thank you for for making sure that recording.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah well, it has nothing to do with.
Jim Clark: I know I know inside you, but I just i'm just saying what would I you know.
Faculty Office Hours: I got I got.
Jim Clark: I go down these different.
Jim Clark: Different rabbit trails when I say not just didn't make sense I know he talked about this, where do I find it so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah Javier is the one to think or or myra and or the text I guess.
Faculty Office Hours: You actually do the work.
yeah my question was related to number four but it's already clear now that you went through it with Christian the question wasn't really clear to me exactly what we needed to do because I thought it was already optimized so.
Faculty Office Hours: I get it now, thank you okay yeah sure and anytime you need clarification like that, just like just you know fire me off an email Okay, thank you mm hmm.
Lippert, Nathan: Dr hartman it's kind of kind of came partway through when you're explaining Christians, but so our group was looking at the second bullet so in baggage delivery model for the group project is that kind of the same thing you're walking through with them in terms of how we would go about.
Lippert, Nathan: kind of adjusting that code for.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see, let me get my my bullets.
Faculty Office Hours: Why don't I don't think I had to print out for the baggage library, but yeah it's I think that's that's basically the same question it's just that it's not.
Faculty Office Hours: It.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's just maybe not not so specific yeah but it's the same idea, the question is.
Faculty Office Hours: If you know if you put a bow on the make span, can you minimize the total combined travel time.
Lippert, Nathan: It had a aspect of it to with regards to pre processing that we would no longer need to do.
Lippert, Nathan: that's not in the may expand constraint would be or.
Faculty Office Hours: No, so that the The pre processing is it is kind of.
Faculty Office Hours: try and explain it but it's it's it's not nothing you need to worry about so.
Faculty Office Hours: In the the the original problem it's from this.
Faculty Office Hours: British book and the guy well, I mean I guess you could guess because it's takes place in England, but.
Faculty Office Hours: So he just put down the travel times and I guess he just kind of eyeball that and the problem is that.
Faculty Office Hours: There are.
Faculty Office Hours: Some times, where it's faster to go from A to B to C than it is to go from A to C.
Faculty Office Hours: So distances should satisfy something called the triangle and equality, which means it's it's always faster to go directly there then go in indirectly there.
Faculty Office Hours: But because he didn't have distances that satisfied the triangle and equality it's possible that the best routes would visit some of the some of the nodes multiple times, and so, if your if your formulation.
Faculty Office Hours: doesn't allow that, then you kind of run into some difficulties, but when you when you use Google maps to find the shortest travel times it's always going to.
Faculty Office Hours: obey the triangle inequality it's never going to allow you to kind of like.
Faculty Office Hours: freelance it and find a faster way to go, then then Google maps.
Faculty Office Hours: So it's just not something you just don't need to worry about.
Lippert, Nathan: Okay, so they the Google algorithm or maps algorithm is already taking care of that triangle of inequality and we would see that if we adjust the graphs in terms of like the visiting multiple spots more than once.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, you would see it if you checked if there was any shortcuts.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, if you if you if you tested to see if.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, for every every three nodes that it was always better to go directly than to go via some other node and then come back like I said from A to B to C, as opposed to do directly from A to C, but you don't have to you know something something i'm expecting you to test or anything.
Faculty Office Hours: it's just a the code might not work unless that was true.
Lippert, Nathan: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: But it's true so you have to worry about it.
Lippert, Nathan: Okay, thank you.
mm hmm.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you if you look at the.
Faculty Office Hours: The the PDF slides for this week, this coming week, there is a slide on there about.
Faculty Office Hours: Some other things that make a good kind of intermediate steps for the project, so if you want to look at that that might give you some something else to think about.
Jim Clark: Okay, well, I appreciate it that's.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah sure, but I mean i'll i'll talk through it, on Thursday, but i'm only just saying, if your group is getting into it and you're looking for for hints or whatever.
Jim Clark: Okay.
Jim Clark: I think i've got what I need for number two so now i'm working on number three so I.
Jim Clark: working.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so the example that we did in class that relates to number three.
Faculty Office Hours: Is.
Faculty Office Hours: So we.
Faculty Office Hours: We were looking at the the piece wise linear approximation for the for the.
Faculty Office Hours: For the flights.
Faculty Office Hours: In that mixed integer linear model and we solved it, and when we solved it it didn't give us an optimal solution.
Faculty Office Hours: It had a gap right but we wanted to see what the optimal solution was so we changed the value of that solver option.
Faculty Office Hours: in such a way that it forced it to find an optimal solution or force it to find a closer solution, which turned out to be optimal.
Jim Clark: And I think that is also similar to.
Jim Clark: homework 11 The fly, without going back I think that's where I was getting my first ideas on what to do.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah yeah very similar almost the same.
So.
Jim Clark: Alright cool Thank you i'll just proceed forward.
Jim Clark: Unless someone's got a question think week we've covered at least one, two and four for me.
Jim Clark: And I think i'm close I could see I see my way to finish number three now so.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, good.
Jim Clark: All right, well, thank you very much and we'll see you on Thursday night.
Faculty Office Hours: you're going to be there, or just.
Jim Clark: I will, I will be there, I i've kind of made the made the commitment that i'm safe, as I can be until just we're wearing the mask and.
Jim Clark: He was coming.
Jim Clark: Thank one of our other students is going to be coming because they don't want me to eat all the food.
Jim Clark: hey that'll be pretty tough because I.
Faculty Office Hours: Reason is there it's not possible eat all that food.
Jim Clark: it's I can't yeah I can't eat that fruit that gives me anyway so anyway, but, but I will see you Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay sounds good.
Jim Clark: All right, bye.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: Professor this is Brian frankel just a quick question will you be holding office hours next week as well.
Faculty Office Hours: Well yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm here i'm going to charge for him, though.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: sounds fair.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: If i'll pay i'll pay you in.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: dodge coin or bitcoin or something else.
Faculty Office Hours: Who was it yeah someone was telling me about.
Faculty Office Hours: Like a fake cryptocurrency that they invested in.
Faculty Office Hours: Like django or something some I can't remember what it was, but it was something that somebody actually just made up but evidently ilan musk.
Faculty Office Hours: must have.
Faculty Office Hours: posted about it and then people started to believe that it was actually a real currency, and this, the value of gone up astronomically.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: i'm sure some people in our class have been affected by.
Faculty Office Hours: I think was called dose coin.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: Actually yeah that's that's the one the one with the dog on it yeah I don't know how to say it, but yeah ask Ryan David about that he loves that stuff him and Claire are big on it they're like context 14 cents I bought it when is it too so nonetheless.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: we'll we'll probably have a couple questions will.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: Oh sorry just jump over Okay, no, I was gonna say well we'll probably have a couple questions from our group next week about the project and so next week you'll be able to discuss that with us right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah sure, and if you want to set up a zoom meeting just with your group that's fine too.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: Okay yeah we're working on that okay well that sounds good, well, thank you very much, I really appreciate it yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: No problem.
Brian Frankel?s iPhone: Alright appreciate it thanks.
Faculty Office Hours: stray.
Faculty Office Hours: Too smart know it gets.
Faculty Office Hours: All the things he means to me.
Faculty Office Hours: Show me things didn't.
Faculty Office Hours: feel so.
Faculty Office Hours: Good at spelling.
Faculty Office Hours: sweet.
Faculty Office Hours: well.
Faculty Office Hours: We were talking about.
Faculty Office Hours: Just the best song.
Faculty Office Hours: Thanks for sticking around if you stick around to the end and for joining us we you know we're very happy that you can we set everything up and everything like got some genki lights it's because it's very, very dark.
Faculty Office Hours: and
Faculty Office Hours: You can't.
Faculty Office Hours: Any any wrap up thoughts from the obvious you can't just.
Faculty Office Hours: it's just gone.
Faculty Office Hours: Coming out of my favorite people and i'm trying to think about it, but I could decide.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry nice to know.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah we're not changing right now, but they don't changes, you know when we hit the road becomes a whole.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah hey how about you interested in any any final final thoughts from the chat or just.
Faculty Office Hours: Just gonna it's gonna be a lot of cleaning well, I think the drums.
Faculty Office Hours: signal chain to change over engineering.
Faculty Office Hours: neighbors know what does any extra work, but I just don't want to put the bag.
Faculty Office Hours: To get me to get people.
Faculty Office Hours: going.
Faculty Office Hours: behind it, you know anything anything with a good spring and like a real life, like my favorite drummer.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, my God it was one of the best from from the basic ban the we always love with the white.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, so I can put my highlights like sandy paying us to do.
Faculty Office Hours: he's a great drummer.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I want to give a quick shout out to a.
Faculty Office Hours: Beautiful.
Faculty Office Hours: But.
Faculty Office Hours: again.
Faculty Office Hours: If you're a fan of the best you're probably like Red Bull is the great men from Chicago and we would go to go on in life to do like twitch live streams and then.
Faculty Office Hours: If you want to watch me Jonathan.
Faculty Office Hours: Long I guess you could just keep watching now or you could watch.
Faculty Office Hours: The new album princess princess table.
Faculty Office Hours: Thank you Julia read for us.
Faculty Office Hours: it's great when you're explaining something.
Faculty Office Hours: Terrible.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, well, I guess, if not have known as David.
Faculty Office Hours: Thanks so much for tuning in with this.
Faculty Office Hours: If you want to watch this video i'm.
Faculty Office Hours: going to be, it should be live, so you can watch it and.
Faculty Office Hours: Then you know you can you just click save.
Faculty Office Hours: I spent I spent hours on these.
Faculty Office Hours: um but yeah thanks so much for joining and.
Faculty Office Hours: Staying safe.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So it's there's a.
Faculty Office Hours: lot that you.
Faculty Office Hours: just stay in touch and.
Faculty Office Hours: We love you very much we'll.
Faculty Office Hours: Talk soon you know we'll do another one of these, and approximately a month for another secret.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah thanks everybody for tuning in it's.
Faculty Office Hours: Not.
Faculty Office Hours: like that.